SP2022 - Settlers (#21)
sourcebots/smallpeice-rules: game-rules.tex

\begin{enumerate}
  \item The game, called \emph{\gamename}, is played in the arena defined in
        Specification~\ref{spec:arena}. The objective is to collect tokens and
        deposit them in scoring zones.
  \item The arena contains 24 tokens.
  \item There are nine scoring zones in the arena, arranged in a $3\times3$
        grid. The central scoring zone is raised.
  \item A scoring zone is considered to be `controlled' by a team if and only if:
    \begin{enumerate}
      \item the team has tokens in the zone.
      \item no other team has a greater `weighting of tokens' in the zone.
    \end{enumerate}
  \item The `weighting of tokens' in a zone for a team is calculated from the sum of token weights in the zone.
      Token weights are determined as follows:
      \begin{enumerate}
            \item A token `fully in' the zone has a weighting of $2$.
            \item A token `partially in' the zone has a weighting of $1$.
    \end{enumerate}
  \item A `controlled region' is defined as follows:
    \begin{enumerate}

>       \item A `controlled region' is a group of directly adjacent scoring zones controlled by the same team.

Author: Issue: A "controlled region" is defined here as being `>1` scoring zones. We should probably include that a single scoring zone is also considered.

Author: We should also define that a zone can only be in a single "controlled region". Otherwise a line of 3 scoring zones could be defined as a total of 6 different "controlled regions":

- 1
- 2
- 3
- 1,2
- 2,3
- 1,2,3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      \item A `controlled region' is a contiguous set of scoring zones controlled by the same team.
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/sourcebots/smallpeice-rules/pull/21/commits/78ee2591bf06a1e72847e8ca91135ffaf09f3404

        is entirely within the scoring zone.
  \item A token is considered to be `partially in' a zone if the vertical projection of token
        is partially within the scoring zone.
  \item During a match, a robot may move or interact with any token in the arena.
  \item Participating teams must present their robots to match officials before
        the start of matches, as regulated by the match officials. Non-compliant
        teams may be disallowed from participating.
  \item There will be up to 4 robots in each match.
  \item \org may have any number of match officials within the arena, including
        during the course of matches.
  \item At the start of each match, robots must be entirely within their
        starting areas.
%   \item At the start of each match, teams will be permitted to lean into the
%         arena and start their robots.
  \item Each match lasts $120$ seconds.
  \item Teams may be disqualified from one or all matches by match officials,
        for non-compliance with regulations, lateness to the match, or any other
        reason at the discretion of the judge. Teams disqualified before the

>         start time of a match will not be permitted to enter a robot.

Author: Question: What's the thought behind this wording change? Seems odd to list a few of the cases here.

Reviewer: This is an artifact of the git munging. You are changing it back to the original wording, it was refined in 2020.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/sourcebots/smallpeice-rules/pull/21/commits/78ee2591bf06a1e72847e8ca91135ffaf09f3404
